There are many Sacred Sect disciples
in Yongzhou.
Looking at this situation,
what are your thoughts?
You assisted the Imperial Advisor
in establishing schools.
Yet, Sacred Sect disciples
have no place to study.
You thought of the world,
but forgot about the Sacred Sect.
You should build Primary School,
Great School,
and Imperial Academy within the sect.
Only then can our disciples
keep up with the times.
This is the work of the Sect Leader,
not the Patriarch.
Why didn't the former sect leader act?
He was distracted by his desires
and enchanted by his wife.
He lost sight of the greater good.
Here's an idea.
Select the most outstanding disciples
from our sect.
Have them take
the Imperial Academy's exams.
Let the Imperial Academy
train our disciples for us.
If only you had been born
forty years earlier.
Left and Right Protectors.
Is everyone here?
The Sect Leader's wife
and the Sacred Lady are still absent.
Among the Four Guardian Kings,
Guardian King Qian has yet to return.
So brazen?
Could it be that
the Heavely Sacred Sect's headquarters
is in Yongzhou?
All 360 Halls, unfurle the banners!
Young Sect Leader,
this is the sacred land
of our Heavely Sacred Sect,
Sacred Mountain.
Have Mu and the Patriarch arrived yet?
Youyou,
be more solemn.
Who told you to reveal your true form?
It's the child you raised
who's becoming the Sect Leader.
Do you want to
ruin his ascension ceremony?
That's more like it.
Let's go.
Grandma.
Sacred Lady Si Yunxiang
greets the Young Sect Leader.
Sacred Lady?
This generation's Sacred Lady
is much more obedient.
The last one was nothing
but a troublemaker.
- I'm still here!
- Grandma.
You old guy, what are you up to?
Mu,
Yunxiang is from the Si family.
After the Patriarch met her,
he personally taught her
for several years.
No wonder I always felt
she resembled Grandma.
Guardian King Qian hasn't arrived yet?
Not yet.
Investigate.
Treat Guardian King Qian's
descendants well.
Imperial Advisor,
there's unusual activity in Yongzhou.
The Heavenly Demon Sect's leadership
has gathered.
The City Lord's Mansion
has vanished without a trace.
Understood.
It's the largest sect of the demon path.
We must stay vigilant.
If you knew
who the Heavenly Demon Sect's Patriarch is,
you wouldn't panic.
The Heavenly Demon Sect's Patriarch?
he was once the Grand Libationer
of the Imperial Academy.
The Heavenly Demon Sect's Patriarch
has been in hiding for so long.
Could it be that...
You're overthinking it.
Back then, I traveled far and wide.
I learned from various schools.
But I saw that each sect kept to itself.
They guarded their secrets closely.
This hindered the progress
of mystical powers and Daoist arts.
So I decided to visit them,
hoping to break down the barriers
between sects.
The first person I met
was the Patriarch
of the Heavenly Demon Sect.
He was the first to set aside
sectarian biases.
He taught me wholeheartedly
and showed me the right path.
He even personally recommended me
to meet the Daoist Master.
Because of his letter, the Daoist Master
treated me differently
and allowed me to study
the Fourteen Chapters of the Daoist Sword.
He was also the one who sent me
to the Great Thunder Sound School,
where I received the Teachings of Rulai.
Though he never revealed his identity,
he couldn't hide it from me.
He didn't deliberately hide it from me.
(Imperial Academy Hall)
I invited him
to take over the Imperial Academy.
Not because of his skills.
Nor because he's the Patriarch
of the Heavenly Demon Sect.
But because of his magnanimity.
I've never met someone
with such a broad and pure heart.
He's the only one fit
to lead the Imperial Academy.
He's my mentor.
And more than that,
he's my kindred spirit.
If we share the same path,
why did he resign and leave?
It must be for the next leader
of the Heavenly Demon Sect.
I'll personally meet
this new sect leader.
Those who follow will thrive.
Those who oppose will perish.
In the auspicious year,
in the fortunate hour,
Heaven and earth unite,
bringing boundless blessings.
The disciples of the Heavenly Sacred Sect
welcome the Young Sect Leader's ascension!
Hail the ascension
of the Young Sect Leader.
of the Young Sect Leader!
Hail the ascension
Patriarch,
why do we call the succession of
our Heavenly Sacred Sect Leader "ascension"?
Isn't "ascension" a term
used for emperors?
At the peak
of our Heavenly Sacred Sect's glory,
we governed six nations.
The emperors of those six nations
were all our subjects.
Thus, the Sacred Sect Leader used
the term "ascension" like an emperor.
It was quite an honor
for the emperors, really.
Times have changed,
and now nations
are the most powerful sects.
A sect can't make everyone its disciple,
but a nation
can make everyone within its borders
its citizens.
The Heavenly Demon Sect
has gathered in Yongzhou.
They're likely to appoint a new leader.
They've been in chaos
for over forty years.
The emergence of this new leader
is no blessing for the people.
He must be eliminated.
As you command.
The Imperial Advisor of Yankang follows
the Heavenly Demon Sect's teachings.
Yankang Nation is essentially
a grand Heavenly Demon Sect.
What should the Daoist Sect do?
The Imperial Advisor's ambition
outweighs his abilities.
History has seen
more exceptional talents than him
and empires grander than Yankang.
Yet they all turned to dust
and the Great Wasteland.
The world is more complex
than he imagines.
He'll understand
once he's shattered into pieces.